Improve flexibility for branch/tag names (#42)
NCO-HPC/nws-hpc-standards: docs/standards.rst

Production code delivered via git (and hosted on GitHub) will be held to the following requirements on naming conventions and procurement:

.. _req-branch-names:

Code must exist on a distinct branch for delivery and implementation.

* :ref:`Branch names <req-branch-names>` will follow one of the following naming conventions: 

>   * For code that is intended for review by the NCO SPA team, use ``release_candidate/<change_description>``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * For code that is intended for review by the NCO SPA team, use ``release/vX.Y.Z-rc#``
```
For reasons:
1. it stays in the family of target release `X.Y.Z`
2. `change_description` can be arbitrary.
3. `-rc#` is a standard of semantic versioning.

>   * For code that is approved for a production implementation, use ``release/vX.Y.Z``

Reviewer 2: Not sure if this is the place, but somewhere we should say that version numbers are to be jointly agreed upon by NCO and development teams just prior to implementation (e.g., near RFC submission) and not upon delivery.

Reviewer 3: The [code delivery form ](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSc8qs2g8Xj47Uj_M0qZV62TB_MxAdU70qVyGeK3OPuCpPGbOQ/viewform) has a required entry for the question "What is the version number for this update?". What should submissions put here if we are moving away from version numbers upon delivery?

Reviewer 4: if/when this becomes a standard then we will update the code delivery form accordingly. the form also says this: "Provide a Subversion (or other approved version control) tag"
we will update this language as well, to be able to provide a branch rather than a tag. 

I'm thinking we'll ask for the branch name instead of version number in that field but not set on anything yet.

>   * For repositories that support more than one model, use ``release_candidate/<model>-<change_description>`` for code deliveries and ``release/<model_name>.vX.Y.Z>`` for code approved for a production implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * For repositories that support more than one model, use ``release/<model>-vX.Y.Z-rc#`` for code deliveries and ``release/<model_name>.vX.Y.Z>`` for code approved for a production implementation.
```
Staying consistent and following semantic versioning.

.. _req-release-tag-name:

Each ``release/`` branch that is approved for a production implementation must have a corresponding release tag. :ref:`Release tag names <req-release-tag-name>` will follow the naming convention ``<model_name>.vX.Y.Z``.

.. _req-procurement:

NCO SPA team members must be able to :ref:`procure code deliveres <req-procurement>` with the following git commands.

For code that is intended for review by the NCO SPA team:

.. code-block:: bash

   $ git clone git@github.com:<organization>/<repo_name>.git <model_name>.<change_description>

>    $ cd <model_name>.<change_description>

Reviewer: Should be updated if the above changes are acceptable to the team.

When NCO and a development team agree that they are ready to implement changes on a ``bugfix/`` or ``hotfix/`` branch, both teams will make a joint decision about the specific version number that will be used for implementation. A tag must be created to reflect the chosen version number.

.. _req-release-tag-name:

* :ref:`Release tags <req-release-tag-name>` will follow these naming conventions:

  * For code that is intended for review by the NCO SPA team, use ``vX.Y-rc<#>`` to indicate release candidates on ``release/`` branches.

    * Begin release candidate numbering at 0 and increment for each change set that NCO places into parallel or evaluation.
    * Release candidate tags should exist only on ``release/`` branches.

  * For code that is intended for production implementation, use ``vX.Y.Z``.

.. _req-procurement:

NCO SPA team members must be able to :ref:`procure code deliveres <req-procurement>` with the following git commands.

For code that is intended for review by the NCO SPA team:

.. code-block:: bash

   $ git clone git@github.com:<organization>/<repo_name>.git <branch_name>
   $ cd <model_name>.<branch_name>

>    $ git checkout <branch_name>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   $ git clone git@github.com:<organization>/<repo_name>.git <branch_name>
   $ cd <branch_name>
   $ git checkout <branch_name>
```
